[Music]
Hello how are you my
tireless gossip lovers
welcome one more day to your
favorite gossip channel I'm going to ask you
all please
tirelessly I mean but in a
quasi-obsessive way I'm telling you seriously just
as I start this video because you're going to
love what you're going to see here and it can't
be forgotten absolutely
all of you who are watching this video
have to give the thumbs up and
the subscribe button if you
aren't already because this video has to be
trending what you're
seeing here on screen are some tweets
that Rosa Benito posted this afternoon
commenting on how good the videos that
are going viral of María Patiño
being handled by the director of
Sálvame and as if it were Macario
or what was her name Doña Rogelia being
dictated everything she has to say
word for word but not in the way that she
's reading the cue because that's what is done
no or that they are telling her Okay then
let's make way for  guest interview
giving her instructions not that he is
dictating word for word things about a
story that should be an experience of
María Patiño one thing is for the director to
give you instructions that's what the
earpiece is for but another thing is for him to
dictate what you have to say about something
that you are supposed to be telling that
you have lived I mean it's
not that she is telling something no No
that it is supposed to be a feeling it is
supposed to be giving an opinion today it
was virally demonstrated that María
Patiño if anyone had any doubt she
has no opinion she has no criteria and now what
she says It is absolutely useless
the video that
Rosa Benito is commenting on well basically what she
says is this is true my goodness that's how I
can even be here what she is
saying is like this I can even be the one who
presents not the program my goodness what I'm
seeing are two tweets that Rosa
Benito
has published and then after a while she has
deleted them I don't know why I don't know if it
is a recommendation from her lawyer or
whatever, I have no idea but yes she has
retweeted
as you can see Well
the dolls not the dolls of
Macario and these people are not Monumental
caught by María Patiño while giving
information about Jorge Pérez It is
clearly seen in the video how she reproduces
the words that David Valdepera
transmits to her through an earpiece her lack of
dissimulation and her face are quite a
spectacle Thanks Mimi let's see it
directly here in Mimi's tweet
caught by María Patiño when she gave
information about Jorge Pérez in which
she said she had seen something about him
okay I mean I want this to be very
clear I mean one thing is that you have an
earpiece where they tell you things it's
clear that they have it in all the
programs but they give you instructions
from the program Hey make way for this one make way for the
other cut this topic cut this other
topic inside video no no she is
dictating what she has to say she
is directly dictating to her what she
has to say about something that
is supposedly an experience of hers
that she has seen about Jorge Pérez
now we understand about the posters
now we understand about the posters no
that she signed that there were some posters
no that there were some posters that well there were
some videos where Antonio David
pasted the posters of abuser
himself not making a false complaint No
now we understand also  when she
signed that Rocío Jurado spoke with her in
recent days she is a puppet of the
bosses at the TV factory listen to
the video well I posted it yesterday too but
this can't be forgotten
attentive I want you to listen to it
perfectly but no no as promised
but because of my way of working I don't want to
get into trouble colleagues But the
only thing that I do notice here is
that she is saying a few
words no that don't even reach a
sentence no A few words no because of my
way of working she speaks very slowly
no but here we still can't
hear it it's now when the
audio slips in I can say it is
that yesterday my eyes saw It's that
yesterday my eyes saw I mean if you
really had that experience they don't have to
dictate to you it's that they are
dictating something to you about an experience of yours
that is actually a lie I mean it's like
Doña Rogelia is a puppet
like
human people of this medium of this medium I mean you can
hear Listen okay
the journalism of the journalism
of La Crónica social they were
moving
oysters how caught And what a shame she was
and up to here I can read up to here I can
read up to here I can read let's see and they
're telling her what she has to say
man but besides how bad she does it she's
right it looks so bad
Tell Valdepera that we've heard
everything as she dictated to you through the
earpiece that underneath she's looked ridiculous I
mean all the people are already treating her like a
Pinocchio puppet I mean tremendous tremendous tremendous tremendous
tremendous okay I mean on
top of that she's getting
angry and she's been indignant for a year
because people are telling her that she
has no credibility that her opinion is no longer
valid that her profession is no longer valid that she
has no dignity that she has no credibility
anyway and on top of that she gets angry I mean you can tell that she's
upset because
people think like this and it's like let's
see if you had an opinion and you had
information about
Rosillito's relationship with her daughter that you supported her you did
n't know the whole story and you were
with Rosito not with Rocío Flores
knowing the whole story and I've
shown you a lot of clips here where
María Patiño Affirms  know both
versions
and she was with Rocio Flores who didn't care
that Fidel wanted to denounce her and
not only in the Rocio Flores issue
but during a few episodes
during the broadcast of a few
episodes of the first documentary She
said that Rocio Carrasco in Chipiona, you don't
know how she got involved with a bunch of
guys who did this, that, that, or a
lot of things that from one day to the next they
pulled her ear and said
Hey, you're realizing, you're
realizing Maria Patiño that you're
getting off track and that you
have a few
jobs here that could be in danger, beautiful,
you know what you're getting into and the
next day, terrified, she decided to follow
the line that her boss was marking out for her and
that's why she is where she is and the problems
that this person is in once she
finishes, if one day she finishes. Which I
see as complicated, no, but if one day
the programs of the television factory end,
this person no longer has anywhere to go, meaning
her credibility as a professional is zero, the
information that she can't provide is worthless
if that's how a person is who has put it, right?
Fidel said  that to talk
to Rosito you had to do it through
Fidel that Fidel had her like in a
bubble like apart that Fidel asked for the
heads of the collaborators anyway
tremendous shame because it's also
very funny to me because she gets
indignant when you tell her, I mean she
really gets angry What's happening is that they tell me
that I have no credibility And now she
goes around there warning that all that
all this opinion that all this opinion
that people have about her on social networks
is because Antonio David has Bots or
has multi-accounts no what makes
this opinion become a
trend is that you have to admit it María
Patiño that you have taken this path
perfectly but you don't want to also
have dignity what I do have
doubts about is this story that Rosa Benito has uploaded
for whom is it if you drive don't drink
if you work don't drink don't drink Hahaha Please
there are many people from the Rosa tide who
are taking it as if it were for
Ortega Cano Gloria Camila and Amador
But well I don't know where the
shots will go if you can enlighten me a little bit
that I am leaving you This recorded video
at 4:30 in the morning so you can
find it, I would appreciate it, please,
all of you who have reached this
point of the video, please have seen
that it is a bomb, okay, Rosa Benito
leaves her toothless,
share it, give it a like button
up and subscribe to this channel,
then I bring a bomb, but an
impressive bomb, a hug, family, bye
bye
[Music]